add widget query for 'user access' dashboard (#7)
JupiterOne/insights-dashboards: boards/user-access/readme.md

Show users across different environments/accounts, admin users, and shared/system user accounts.

> Within the 'Admin Users' widget, it now includes an additional query to find users that are assigned to roles which are tied to administrative IAM access policies. This is in addition to the original query that is finding users who are deemed to be administrators based on the role type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Within the 'Admin Users' widget, it also includes an additional query to find
users that are assigned to roles which are tied to administrative IAM access
policies. This is in addition to the first query that is finding users who
are deemed to be administrators based on the type/role attribute directly on
the user.
```
